Nikhil Kumar: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thank you once again for joining us on today's call. I trust all of you would have received our results and investor presentation. Now let's move on to discuss the financial performance of TDPS for the year ended 31st March 2026.
Stand-alone. Our full year total income on a stand-alone basis was INR17.37 billion versus INR12.88 billion over the same period in the previous year, an increase of 35%. EBITDA on an annual basis is 18.14%, including other income, excluding exceptional and treasury income versus 17.46% over the same period in the previous year.
Profit after tax and comprehensive income is INR2.18 billion versus profit of INR1.53 billion in the same period in the previous year, an increase of 42%.
Order book for the Manufacturing segment is INR19.73 billion, out of which INR16.77 billion is the generator business, INR2.47 billion is railway business and spares and aftermarket business is INR0.2 billion, Turkey is INR0.29 billion. Export and deemed exports, excluding railway order continues to be around 76%.
Order inflow statistics. Order inflow during the quarter is INR6.66 billion, an increase of 61% on a Q-on-Q basis on the previous year. Current year, the order inflow is INR22.38 billion versus the previous year INR14.78 billion, which is an increase of 51%. Export order inflow, including deemed exports during the quarter, is 80% of our total, which is INR5.28 billion.
Full year order inflow from direct and deemed exports is INR17.33 billion compared to INR9.85 billion in the previous year, growth of 76%. 79% of our total order inflow for the year is exports, while 21% is domestic. An important point to note is the growth in the pending order for the year FY '26 for generators and motors is 66% compared to FY '25.
Consolidated basis. Our total income on a consol basis is INR18.78 billion versus INR13.02 billion, an increase of 44%. Profit after tax and comprehensive income for the year is INR2.36 billion versus a profit of INR1.73 billion, an increase of 36%. We continue to maintain a strong cash position of INR1.99 billion.
Now I'll come to the order book, market situation and guidance. Market conditions and guidance. In general, we see a very buoyant market for TDPS in all segments of the business. The basic factors that are driving growth continue to play out, AI data centers, grid stabilization, basic power generation, push towards renewables, which drives demand for geothermal, hydro and waste-to-energy, etcetera. With all sectors in full force, we see a very strong order inflow situation continuing, and the focus right now is on execution.
This has reduced the margins for our consol. This is a one-off event where the customer also was exceptionally brutal with us. However, we put that behind us, and now we are heavily focused on Q1 execution, where based on the progress so far, we see that we will do better than Q4 of last financial year.
Now let me come to the segments one by one. Steam Turbine. The market continues to grow at the rate that we predicted with no surprises both on the upside or the downside. The market is steady with around 10%, 12% growth taking place in captive power plant business, biomass and waste heat recovery.
Gas Turbine and Gas Engine business. The massive growth in this segment continues to roll on without pause. As mentioned in the investor presentation, we're getting large volume orders and the forecast for next year continue to show strong upward growth. When I say next year, I mean not just this year, but also for next financial year, which is FY '28. Growth is expected since our engine and turbine customers are also adding capacity, and these incremental numbers are resulting in demand for more generators. Notable orders are delivery to projects such as SpaceX, amongst others.
Hydro. We have a busy year ahead of us. This year will be one of the highest years for TDPS in Hydro. TDPS is very active in the refurbishment business in India and abroad. This segment will result in some high-value order wins for TDPS in this quarter and next.
Motors. The motor business remains a key focus area for us. However, during the year, last year, we prioritized high-volume generator opportunities, given strong export demand. We are now separating manufacturing lines, which will improve focus and execution. We expect the Motor segment to stabilize and we see improved traction going forward.
Railway. We have nothing new to report. We have orders from the U.S. market, Europe market and Russian market. In addition to the Indian market, we'll be supplying to all the 3 markets next year and if one includes India, its 4 markets.
Finally, I'll come to the guidance. We've revised our guidance for FY '27 at INR2,400-plus crores with an extremely high probability to increase our guidance further to match the rate of order inflow that we saw in Q4 and what we expect in this financial year from Q1 to Q4.
Nikhil Kumar: These are very good questions, and I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to give you detailed answers for all these questions, but all the questions are very valid questions. And I think in about 2 or 3 months from now, I will be happy to answer all these questions in full detail. In general, what I can say right now, and that also alludes to the comments that I made in the investor presentation is that we are now putting a lot of focus on the large generator business, where we see our projections.
And our demand situation and our positioning in this market improving to the point where we need to take decisions to add capacity. Now we need to invest heavily in manufacturing the rotors completely. We need big machining capabilities, especially for larger machines, maybe all the way up to 200-megawatt size. And this total amount of investment, we will discuss it in about 2 or 3 months.
End-user markets, I can just generally talk about it. It's going to be mainly export. We're focusing on larger AI data centers where we see a lot of demand now in the future, it will shift to the larger sizes because definitely it's more efficient. We're also looking at combined cycle applications where large gas turbines would need a steam turbine for the combined cycle for higher efficiency.
Nikhil Kumar: See, our gross contribution margin on a consol basis has been hovering between 33% and 34% on an average, let's say, 34% on an average. So we are about 3% down from that in this last quarter. We had a one-off event where we had a big contract from Turkey where we delayed generators because of component deliveries from India, which got stuck midway and could not get delivered for almost 1.5 months.
So we took a big hit. We put that behind us. The customer also was pretty brutal with us, but it's a one-off event. We don't have this kind of shipping in our scope in the future. So we don't expect this to happen once again. Yes, and you can expect gross contribution levels to move back to the average historical levels.
Nikhil Kumar: So this year, we have a plan to invest around another INR50 crores in capex, okay, in addition to whatever we did previously. And this INR50 crores once again will go towards adding incremental capacity in certain areas, which we consider to be bottlenecks and we'll be investing approximately the same amount next year also in a little bit more automation and again, debottlenecking certain capacities and adding small capacities in certain areas.
So INR50 crores plus INR50 crores, you can say this year and next financial year. This is not including the investment that we will have to make for the larger generators. That will be taken as a separate piece.
But now coming to your question, we believe that we can go up to about INR30 billion to INR32 billion with our current capacities and with these incremental investments made this year and next year. So we are basically covering what we believe we can do as sales for up to FY '28.
Nikhil Kumar: Now our turbine customers, engine customers are, on an average, planning to double capacity by 2030, some a little bit more, some a little bit less. So we'll be seeing this incremental -- from this point of time, we'll be seeing incremental improvements in our outputs also to match with the larger number of turbines and generators, which are coming into the market.
Nikhil Kumar: For the next 2, 3 quarters, I don't see any major disruption to our margin guidance.
Nikhil Kumar: The earliest that we can put in our complete capacity would be something like in calendar '27. And so we'll be looking at the big ramp-up taking place in our large generator business only in calendar '28. Meanwhile, we'll continue to supply with whatever existing capacity that we have, but we have started making commitments to the market on our larger numbers from calendar '28 onwards, which will basically be FY '29.
Nikhil Kumar: We have a very specific forecast and a capacity agreement signed with INNIO, where it goes up to 2030. I'm not going to disclose those numbers with you, but it's extremely exciting for us, and we are very deeply plugged in with this customer.
Nikhil Kumar: Okay. Then I will -- all the INR2,000 crores or whatever is there in the pending order will be executed this year. And order book growth, we have not given the guidance for next financial year, which is FY '28 as yet. But I will give the -- we're seeing a growth in our quarter-on-quarter inflow numbers. And it will grow. Maybe I think on an average, we can say conservatively, we'll definitely be able to grow 20% to 25% even next year over this year.
Nikhil Kumar: I said that we have a capacity to address INR32 billion for FY '28, yes, but that is where management is also expecting numbers to be on a conservative basis, yes.
Vinay Hegde: Yes. Ayush, I'm Vinay. So domestic steam turbine market is growing steadily. And as we have told in the presentation, we are expecting 10% to 12% growth. The sizes of the machines are shifting to the largest from 30 megawatt up to 60-megawatt range. So we are seeing a steady growth of 12% for the year.
Nikhil Kumar: The AI data center market, the power requirement of the data center market for U.S. alone is projected to be somewhere around 100 gigawatts in size. And the expected time frame to address installation of this capacity is going to take 5 to 7 years. And this is only the U.S. market, and there's other parts of the world, which are also going to be adding data center capacity. So this number could well go up to at least double the size.
Nikhil Kumar: We have built in protections into our margin as much as we can. That means one is through hedges, raw material hedges, through price variation clauses with our customers. Overall, I expect us to be fairly neutral, and I don't expect a big impact on the margins.
Nikhil Kumar: The investments that we have to put in for large machining capabilities, let's say, large lakes or large machining centers and so on and so forth, those take 15 months right now under the current environment to buy and to install, between 15 to 16 months because, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, everyone is expanding, right? Everyone on the prime mover side is expanding. So all the machine tool manufacturers worldwide are full with orders.
Nikhil Kumar: One is increase in commodity prices. It's been pretty drastic on copper. So our hedges are now running out. But there is no doubt that commodity prices are like -- say, copper at $14,000 is high. And the increases in prices that we have now talking to some of our customers are also now approaching double-digit levels.
Nikhil Kumar: Siemens is the global leader by far. Then you have Baker Hughes after the acquisition of Brush. They are very big in this business. These are the 2 big players on the Western side. And then you have on the Japanese side, of course, you have Mitsubishi, Fuji Electric, Toshiba. So all these players are big players, the big energy companies, yes.
Nikhil Kumar: NPCIL ordering, while there's a huge number in terms of gigawatts, which is planned, the actual ordering and implementation is slow, and it tends to be choppy. There is also domestic competition. There's BHEL, there's Crompton and there are also imports. So it's not like that we have a monopoly in this sector. It's competitive.
Nikhil Kumar: Well, we are under tremendous execution pressure at the moment. So the factory is running very full. And this kind of very high capacity utilization always presents the risk that if there are breakdowns in any of the production equipment, then you would have production delays.
